i hear you can skip junior by pressing the power button <username>
One time in 4th grade i called the cupid shuffle the stupid shuffle and my principal body slammed me into the pavement
If you shit in the sink at exactly 4:20 am and yell "amogus" 69 times,a shadowy figure called mom will come to beat you up and you will wake up in a place called an orphanage
lmao imagine wiping. Weakling. I just shoot out the shit so fast that none can even STICK to my bumhole. I achieved permanent bum cleanliness by the power of sheer force
So what if im done in 3 strokes, does your vibrator give you forehead kisses and buy you chicken nuggets??? Yeah, didnt think so.
Attention parents and grandparents of young children. Gerber Life® is accepting applications for their affordable grow up plan! The grow up plan gives your child $10,000 dollars in whole life insurance protection now, and doubles automatically to $20,000 dollars later, at no extra cost! Free information will be sent to parents and grandparents who call now! Don’t wait, help give your child a head-start, for just pennies a day! Don’t wait, call now for free information. Call now!
i've gotten fucked 4 times in the last 3 weeks
<username> no disrespect but I hope you never get a world record
I’m here with the raid. I went ahead and dropped a follow, I have no clue how this game works so I’m gonna dip but I’ll check out more of your content In the future. Have a good stream
if i see a copypasta, i repost it
about to hit you with words that could go on a track i will never lack dont like people who don't have my back you know I don't slack you get addicted to me like I'm crack my words are like cigarettes you want to smoke the whole pack I'm someone you can not attack im just spitten the fact don't care if you don't live how I act I don't care how you react
If you're enjoying the stream, don't forget to follow!
Sudoku is a logic-based, combinatorial number-placement puzzle. In classic sudoku, the objective is to fill a 9×9 grid with digits so that each column, each row, and each of the nine 3×3 subgrids that compose the grid contain all of the digits from 1 to 9.
A very solid run overall, and an awesome tribute to one of my favorite video games of all time! Lego Racers brings back great memories from my childhood, and it feels amazing to have finally finished such a strong full-game run! I’m very proud to have completed the first Glitchless run on Console in under an hour!
My goal in life is to not die
Ok where’s my gift sub
there's a difference between saying "hey there's this timesave that saves 3 seconds, do it if you want" and "hey there's this timesave that saves 4 frames and idk why you don't do it streamer
<username>, ever since I first met you years ago, I have never been able to stop thinking about you. You are always on my mind. All I see is you wherever I look. I hope that one day you will love me to. Someday, as we sit together as the sun sets. I hope that you will turn to me and whisper one simple phrase in my ear. "Mimi is a loli."
chat is extra annoying tonight
want to limit the amount of time you’re spending on Twitter? Switch the interface to light mode and you’ll want to get off Twitter immediately
Please, no one gift me a sub. I'm not likely to come back to this community after tonight, I don't want anyone wasting money.
Hello <username>, it appears that you are attempting a speedrun Super Mario Sunshine and are having a little trouble. Just a few words of advice from somebody that has defeated Baozurr and collected all blue coins: The turbo nozzle is best for going fast and I highly recommend you collect it in each stage that it is available. It'll be hard at first, but I'm sure you'll get the hang of it. :)
<username> if you get sub 5 tonight this hot girl I met at Starbucks the other day will be my gf. If you don't she told me she's going to file a restraining order against me.
GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL GL
I use mine 3 or 4 times a week. I'm amazed how well it's held up over the years
yes I believe at one point in Germany <username> had ordered from a fast food place and had requested, specifically, "2 number nines, a number nine large. A number six with extra dip. A number seven."
To protect the chat from moderation. To unite all spammers within our nation. To denounce the evil of bans and mods. To extend our spam to the lines above. Copy! Paste! Twitch Chat scroll at the speed of light! Surrender mods or prepare to fight! That's right!!
this is not how to beat a game how cheap im out, how pathetic
luigi probably has one of those mythical footlong cocks, put that shit in some bread and sell it at subway i swear
Oh, I get it. That's submitted runs to http://speedrun.com/. I mean. Yeah impressive being the best submitted run. People who submit their runs are the absolute minority, so I doubt it's actually the fastest in the world. Still impressive.
Sup <streamer> I’m at work atm but will be off in an hour. Imma watch but there will be a 15 second delay
The only stuff like that I've ever had is smoked reindeer dick. I Was tricked by a sami (Indiginous people of northern europe) that it was just reindeer meat. I mean... he wasn't lying... Fuck it was oily as anything and dry at the same time... Hard to chew and tasted like dick.
I went on a date with <username> once, he turned up on time but was just staring at his watch, said he got a "gold split" or something, then he fucking sprints into the resturant without me. Wtf? Spent the entire meal just saying "Skip" whenever I was talking, asked him to stop but he said he had to skip the dialogue. We hug before leaving, then he just runs full speed down the road. Weird guy.
WAIT SOMEONE CLAIMED YOUR WR? you gonna take that from him?
don't want to be that guy but TTYD is the 1st coming of God, it's literally a perfect game with ZERO flaws. you should get an appointment with a doctor if you think otherwise. Another argument in favor of TTYD compared to any other Paper Mario game in the franchise is that it's the only one not playable on Shit U so there you go. one more reason TTYD is best
WHo NEeDs A sTaR poWeR AmIrItE
If you ask Rick Astley for a DVD of the movie Up, he won’t give it to you because he’s never gonna give you Up. However, by not giving you Up like you asked for it, he’s letting you down. This is known as the Astley paradox.
Gotta say, resetting the game to save time seems more like a cheat or a crutch, and is rather lame. Exiting the game should completely disqualify the run seeing that it is done to work around having to actually play the more monotonous or mundane portions of the game. It's nothing less than a cop-out. For that reason, I'm giving this a thumbs down.
What is your favorite state of matter?
I’m telling you, <username> is as cracked as he is jacked. I saw him at a 7-11 the other day buying Monster and adult diapers. I asked him what the diapers were for and he said ”they contain my full power so I don’t completely shit on these kids“ then he rode Kammy Koopa right out the door.
Hey, <username>. Just want you to know that you are easily 1 of my fav streamers.
hey <username> do you wanna race smg
owl-less or fuck you
It's not me, bitrate, it's PogYou . I was in peepoLove but you decided to peepoLeave . I can't be peepoHappy without you but I can learn to be pepeComfier and grow without being PepeHands about our past relationship
Yes babe you’re poggers I would never lie to you that would be so WeirdChamp,, god just talking to you makes me so widepeepoHappy :pleading_face:  ur so AYAYA I blobDance whenever I’m with u!! If someone ever makes u Sadge I’ll sumSmash them for u I promise babe. Theyre the Pepega one not u
If I had a sweet rack I'd totally use it to get more viewers. Sadly I only have a fatt ass, which sits in my chair, never to attract any thirsty gamers
Did you know that was a glitch? If so that is cheating!!! Stop cheating your way through games and play the game like the rest of us. We all had to play the game without glitches and so should you. Get over yourself dipshit
GIRLS WITH FLAT ASSES BE COOL ASF , YOU KNOW WHAT PAPER PLATE, I KINDA LIKE YOU
I'm so glad we met at that McDonald's about 3 years back. I remember our exact orders. I got poutine and you got a double cheese burger with fries and a diet coke FeelsAmazingMan and <username> got 2 double cheeseburgers a fry and a regular coke FeelsAmazingMan
Hey, how do you get Kappa to show up in Twitch chat? I see other people making Kappa but I don't get it.
Hey <username>, your streams lately have really helped me with my depression, bleakness, dejection, stress, sorrow, my car trouble, my 401k, my sleep, my slimp dick, my goal of obtaining huge mommy milkers, my underperforming laptop, the 2020 election, the veitnamese theatre, the bankruptcy of Greece in 2015, the explosion of Chernobyl, Christopher Columbus 2010, the NBA playoffs, the weather, and my late grandma Denice
Hello my friend, this is a moderator of PornHub™. We have noticed you haven't logged in for 4 weeks, we're just checking to see that everything is okay with our biggest fan. Since you visited us last time we've updated the Paper Mario section with many videos we know you will enjoy. See you soon
fuck school gang peepoCrazy
Me and <username> go way back me and him met in Germany when I was on a 2 year exploration around the world. I called that 2 year exploration "Big Shmoke Adventures".
I find it astounding how a group of young scientists managed to find a method to condense the air waves derived from the sound of Rock N' Roll music into a physical manifestation, then produce it to such lengths as to construct an entire city made squarely out of this material. Where has this technology gone to?
Hey, <username>. Just want you to know that you are easily 1 of my fav streamers. Always enjoy watching them!
<username> it sounds like you think ur play is mega cringe - i understand but in my view it is actually epic win. gl regardless
babe, i'm breaking up with you. it's not you, you were poggers. it's me, i'm omegalul. im sorry if this is pepehands but it has to be done, i've just been feeling pepega and our relationship has been weirdchamp for months, it's time to end it, no kappa.
Listen <username> don’t ever be limited by your owns minds insecurities. You’re not shy, you’re not even anything you’re the realist describes. The back of your mind doesn’t ever identify yourself with any of those limitin thoughts on your perception
if you want to know every detail of why the new papes suck look up paper mario fan on twitter
I'm travis Scott and this is my mc Donald's order
hi man i am new viewer i like ur streams say hi back i want a stremer to say hi back to me
"gl" What do you mean? That's actually pretty insulting. Skill is at test here, not LUCK.
twitter trending be like: [politician] needs to die, [other politician] is the reason babies cry, [politician] is ruining the planet, 400 people died of grape poisoning, Gamers are angry because call of duty has skill based matchmaking
did y’all know that excessive masturbation can cause memory loss and some other things i can’t remember
I am being so honest right now that even honest people think that I am honest
where is maro
Every Twitch chat comment that exceeds one line is pasta.
It may have allegedly been named after a physician, but the correct styling of the name is “Dr Pepper,” not “Dr. Pepper.” The company dropped the period from the name in the 1950s as part of a redesign of the corporate logo.
How Come When People Talk About Dr Pepper They Pronounce It Doctor Pepper When There Isn't A Period After Dr So It Should Actually Be Pronounced Durr Pepper
wtf are boobs, im a visual learner btw
<username> works at netflix so he can netflix u and chill u for the low price of 69.69
yall that do what did would do in school
Oh <streamer>, you're streaming now while we were all in a friendly call on Discord. What a bummer, I thought we were friends but apparently, you don't consider us as friends anymore. I guess being a Twitch Partner made you lose all consideration on people who made you who you are today... Well, time for me to watch zfg1 because you obviously don't care about your community and your friends.
you got this <username>. Been watching you throughout my dentist fillings. It's amazing you have the entire game down pat but just need the power of RNGesus at final Bowser. Please don't give up and you shall succeed
hi, my name is Dev Patel and I need to submit an accommodation letter for one of my subjects. I really don't know how to write this and why I need this. can someone please help me in this. I will be very thankful and hope a reply soon.
pee is stored in the balls and you are balls deep in this run therefor you will get the WR
I wasn't doing good in my class so I got on my hands and knees for my professor and then said PLEASE GIVE ME THE GMINUS
hey, im trying to become an upcoming streamer and I want to start a community is it possible if you can follow my stream, mostly my content is based on being as funny and fun as possible?
YES, VERY GOOD THANK YOU FOR ASKING
Why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food
Hello <streamer>, Shigeru Miyamoto speaking, we just patched the "Close Call" strat you are trying to use. We apologize for any inconvenience and we would also like to thank you for continuing to use our Nintendo service. Keep up the good work!
I'm sorry <streamer> but I am leaving the stream during BBH. It bores the hell out of me and frankly I can think of a whole host of things I'd rather be doing, including playing with a rubber band. Please
When's the last time you losers drank soda? LOL I only drink water. Don't wanna die early haha. Maybe think about that next time you reach your grubby mitts towards a can of Coke idiots.
I only pirate games that I own
can you like go faster? i saw speedrun in the title and thought it would be something actually fast, like 2 seconds. That would be impressive.
Once i was playing on a hardcore world and a skeleton was about to kill me ( I was at half a heart ) but then my dog jumped out infront of me me and killed the skeleton while he was shooting and they both died. And i cried
Guys everytime I WR I need u guys to say HI MYSPACE
Chef Boyardee is a brand of canned pasta products sold internationally by Conagra Brands. The company was founded by Italian immigrant Hector Boiardi in Milton, Pennsylvania, U.S., in 1938.
I'm no chef but boyardees days getting harder to get through
mod me BebyRage
we represent the largest community of paper mario fans in the western hemisphere
Excellent work. Informative and engaging. Good work, now share the good memes
<streamer>, I got terrible news that I been holding off on telling everyone. My cat has died from covid 19 while watching your stream , My cat was on life support before she died. We pulled the plug because there was nothing else we could do for her. She was a big fan of you
sorry babe but LiveSplit stays ON during sex
sorry babe but <streamer>’s stream stays ON during sex
Paper Mario Sticker Star is very under appreciated imo
I'll take a double triple bossy deluxe, on a raft, four by four animal style, extra shingles with a shimmy and a squeeze, light axle grease, make it cry, burn it, and let it swim.
FINE <username> if all the others runners don’t have the time for beating Your records, then I will bring it upon myself to practice everyday and every night until I break your records I will study the games movements and make sure too stay calm under pressure. I will do every category at least once too really get this game memorized and when the time comes u will be one step behind me. I will be on the throne and u will be begging for mercy
roses are red, violets are blue, I'm in love with <username> and would ride his mustache
The movement is too optimized at this point. I expect at most 10-20 more seconds can be saved, maybe a minute with sun tower skip. People will continue grinding for a while, but it would take inhuman luck in addition to no dropped inputs to beat this time. I wouldn't be surprised if Ryoma's record stands forever
IDEAL SUBWAY ORDER - Chicken Bacon Ranch With Spinach, and get that bitch TOASTED
This asshole responded to my comment and then banned me. But Listen to the way Mario is pronounced on Mario 64 and the Wii Mario. He said it wrong and we both know it.
Got 10 minutes timed out for no reason, absolutely said nothing, not even close to be a backseat, and was not intended to do it. Follow u since 2017, and now ill be unfollowing, coz i literally cant stand this bullshit, from ppl who thinks their gods, for being "Twitch Mods". Hope u figure out a way to improve the way mods deal with chat. And if u think everything is ok, good luck in your journey.
So a new runner joins the PM64 commnunity and wants to run any%, discovers Blue House Glitch and says that it's a dumb trick and makes the game unfun and wants to quit PM64 - what do you do?
There's this guy in the pit called Flimm. He appears in order to sell you stuff. sometimes he isn't there though. He disappears. Fades away. I guess you could say he's the real Flimm Fadey
is it good?
thinking about this guy i bought a car from like two years ago i hope hes doing okay he was a cool guy we talked for hours about life and relationships when i went to pick up the car i would give him a call but i lost his number FeelsBadMan
DRINK A GLASS OF WATER, CHECK YOUR POSTURE RIGHT NOW. TELL YOUR MOM YOU LOVE HER EVEN IF SHES MAD AT YOU AND TRY TO SMILE AT LEAST ONCE TODAY ALRIGHT? WE'RE ALL BEHIND YOU
Can you PLEASE not use the term "world record'? It's very misleading and assumes that the video posted is the fastest time, where in fact someone else could have a faster, unrecorded version. Could you please use the term BKTWVEAAAVBMOTSRC (best known time with video evidence as approved and verified by members of the speed running community) in the future. This would help lower confusion in these types of videos in regard to the ever updating and evolving nature of the speedrunning community
I tried to get Origami King early with an Australian eShop account but it was more expensive there than here (it was $80, to be exact). I wanted to get it to get the defenders off my back and make them stop yelling at me that I haven't played the game yet and I'm not allowed to hate it, but oh well
so hows school today
STOP POSTING ABOUT AMONG US! I'M TIRED OF SEEING IT! MY FRIENDS ON TIKTOK SEND ME MEMES, ON DISCORD IT'S FUCKING MEMES! I was in a server, right? and ALL OF THE CHANNELS were just among us stuff. I-I showed my champion underwear to my girlfriend and t-the logo I flipped it and I said "hey babe, when the underwear is sus HAHA DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DI DI DING" I fucking looked at a trashcan and said "THAT'S A BIT SUSSY" I looked at my penis I think of an astronauts helmet and I go "PENIS? MORE LIKE PENSUS" AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHGESFG
Greetings streamer. If you have received this message then you are live at a time inconvenient to the sender. Please end your stream and restart at a more appropriate time. Thank you.
MY- LOOK AT THE SIZE OF THOSE big booba looba BANG BANGS!! Those CONGO BONGOS.. THOSE jiggly jiggly jiros. Those plumpa lumpa dump POW POWS.. succulent sucker-sucks! Whoopee cushion yum yums, triple nipple wham whams. Those bouncing biggalos! THOSE BIG FAT HOOTER SHOOTERS
The virgin mary implies the existence of the chad mary
i don’t chase anyone... but for you? i’d put my crocs in sport mode baby
playing childrens games for the viewing pleasure of adults. I still remember the days when I was in the sack with my siblings, we would swim around and bump into each other.
That’s it. That seals the deal. I’m no longer a Richmond Kickers fan. This team is a pure and utter embarrassment to the sport of football. I’ve been a fan for four years but I’m done now. I won’t watch ever again. I’m taking my support to the Virginia Beach Mariners who know how to run a team.
A barber in my town was arrested for selling weed yesterday. It's crazy because I've been his customer for years and never knew he was a barber.
There was a rumor that Coca-Cola was going to build a factory in Richmond, but pulled out when they realized that Richmond was only big enough for one bottle factory.
the problem with celeste is Celeste is only "difficult" because the levels are needlessly complex and the movement is bloated with mechanics. Hollow Knight difficulty is more genuine since its based on rng checks, while Celeste difficulty is artificial since it's gatekeeped by skill.
the game Phobie has ruined my son life, in his chess tournament he tried moving twice and when his opponent try to move he kept saying "it's not your turn yet, i haven't submit mine" and now whenever we're near a group of people he would go in the middle and fart really loudly because he said "it's one of his favorite phobie specials", he would also randomly try to build a wall in front of his bedroom door to protect us from getting to his control point
my friend is speedrunning this video game I bought the game to prove that i am a better person and that I can beat it faster then he could ever dream to but so far I am struggling it turns out that he is actually subdecent at the video game which has caused me to arrive here I want to be the best who ever lived and I believe that you guys will be my saving grace please help me
Your crust is Brooklyn Style, Your sauce is BBQ Sauce and will be normal. You will have no cheese. Your two toppings are Shredded Provolone Cheese and Pepperoni.
that mystery is a mystery
This is not speed run. it's like use cheating: you are use holes in textures, etc. you cross half game over the air. this? is not honestly, I think. IMHO - this is not rightly - to go like it. It is immitating of complete of the game. Sure - you make global and cosmical work. You are exxellent spec. But it is not speed run...
hey, sorry i saw your profile and i just thought you looked cute in your picture. i really wanted to tell you that)) It's really rare to see girls playing video games haha! I don't know why it's a guy thing honestly im like really against misogyny and like ill be the one in the kitchen making sandwiches. We should really play l4d2 sometime its a really cool zombie game with a lot of scary moments, but don't worry ill be there to protect you 😉 sorry that wasnt flirtring i swear im just trying to be friendly i really like your profile picture sorry was that too far? Really sorry i'm really shy i don't go out much haha add me on skype we should talk you look really nice and fun xxx
my nephew was at my desk so sorry if he said anything in chat lol
Are you a bank loan? Because you've got my interest
im gonna be going to bed soon so if youre on wr pace can you pause and wait for me to wake up pls 🙂
Hey <username> my son is a huge fan of yours. Anyway over the past few days of watching you play this game he's got much better at playing baseball (he plays in the 11-13 year old division). I just wanted to stop by and thank you for teaching him how to throw so well.
BRO why would i take adsvcice fropm you you literallyv don't ahver the wogrld recaoird
A butter tart is a type of small pastry tart highly regarded in Canadian cuisine and considered one of Canada's quintessential treats. The sweet tart consists of a filling of butter, sugar, syrup, and egg, baked in a pastry shell until the filling is semi-solid with a crunchy top
Streamer, I can't hide it anymore. Every time I join your stream, I can't stop thinking about your succulent toes. It consumes my thoughts every second of every day. I live to one day be able to partake in your toe flesh. I would do anything to suck those sweet foot fingers.
<username> -> You're starting to bug me. [stop posting links] [warning]
why does the life size Ronald McDonald sex doll only come in the boy's happy meals?
Hey guys, just wanted to wish you all happy holidays. Twitch is filled with ready-made messages that you don't even read, you just copy and paste to every server, I don't like that, I like writing from my heart. Our friendship, from the deepest to virtual, is very important to me and couldn't ever be represented by a cookie-cutter message from anywhere. So, I'd like to thank you all, you're the best furry roleplaying channel I've ever interacted with
I'm gonna watch cheese now gl and better luck moving forward
its a weird survival game where your Mom takes away your videogames and you have to try and get them back without being caught
The FitnessGram™ Masturbation Test is a multistage stroking test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The stroking speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. Remember to stroke non stop, and beat as long as possible. The second time you fail to block yourself, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
Hi. My name is EricakeBot. I have a poor friend who lives in the slums of new jersye who doesn't have a webcam for streaming his fortnitue hiughlights on twitch. He cannot show his reactions when he gets "oh baby a triple"s and he cannot show off his beautiful face when he gets amazing 360 no-scopes. Please helkp us reach our goal to help <username> get a webcam for his amazing twitch streams don't forget to like and subscribe, also hit the bell button to get notified of <username> 's latest fortnite videos.
Hey this channel is all about playing games. I play smash semi-competitively, so you'll see a lot of that here, but I'll be playing lots of other things as well so come join on in!
this has to be the most borning game to run ive ever seen
Have we considered that these wanna be cannibals just have an iron/protien deficiency? My brain also tells me to eat people. Instead of being weird about it, I however take my iron supplement and eat a burger and it goes away. Have you tried just like, taking them to burgerking?
I will definitely use my wired controller to play Super Paper Mario! Thank you <username> for your very helpful suggestion! Now I will never drop inputs
Thats it, That seals the deal. Im no longer a Nintendo fan. I’ve been a fan since 2000 and I will no longer buy a Nintendo console or play Nintendo games. I’m going to buy an Xbox, where they actually know how to make real controllers. And play good games like COD. Goodbye!
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about doopliss. u wouldnt say this shit to him at the palace, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest bedsheets, eats at the chillest clocktowers and hangs out with the hottest shadow sirens. yall are pathetic lol.
this one of those songs you can stare at the stars on your roof with a joint in your mouth and a friend by your side
Aww, mustard! Come on man, now don't put no mustard on that, you need to put a little season on that thing! WHAT! Man come on get that pepper off there! Come on, somebody come get this man! Come on now, come on get that pepper of there, that's just too much doggone pepper. I don't wanna see this no more!
looking for mu exp NO MIKEYS NO CATDOGS NO DANNYS NO APRILS NO TOPHS NO AANGS
yo gl (no audio) (no chat) (not watching)
Sometimes I like to wait until someone is in the Resident Sleepers voice chat, then join them so I can say I slept with them
Hey <username> did you know you skipped a power up? Clearly you are a noob at Super Mario Bros.™ as a pro gamer at every Mario game, I recommend you take my advice!
12 hours without fortnite? I'm so depressed, I need help. Someone please help me with my addiction I am having very bad thoughts seeing that I cannot play fortnite for 12 hours...
Wow, ok, unfollowing now. was a big fan of how much they liked streaming, but didn't know they thought you had to only stream one game
a pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. The bartender asks, "what's a steering wheel doing in your pants?" and the pirate says "its driving me nuts!"
Is that 5 min improvement on your old pb? Idk much about speed running but that seems like a lot. Good stuff man
look at this guy getting back into shape like he's a jug of Workshop Hero WH003226 Concentrated Metal Rescue Rust Remover Bath solution (Add one gallon of water) (Net Contents 14oz (414mL))
Hello there, I'm Krysten, 26 years old, and I'm happy you're here. I play casual playthroughs of my favorite games, and first playthroughs. I don't really speedrun, but I eventually wanna learn to speedrun PM64. I do kinda speedrun SM64 nonstop 70 star randomizer, I'm not the best, but I'm also not the worst. ALSO, I have two cute doggies who you will see a lot during my streams, you can even redeem to virtually pet them! Anyway, I hope you enjoy my streams and give me a follow and maybe even sub :)
you are an inspiration. You are not afraid to be masculine and admit that you live an alternative lifestyle. I think you are one of the best lesbian streamers on twitch and you are a great role model. I know some people probably don’t understand, but i do.
I have a REQUEST: could you please stop saying "RNG"? There is no "random number generator" in any games. It's all PSEUDO-random number generator. So therefore it should be PNG or PRNG and not RNG. I am a mathematician, this is important to me, thank you. Using incorrect terms make you lose unprofessional and amateurish and make you lose credibility
TriHard  NEVER SUBBED TriHard  NEVER DONATED TriHard  ADBLOCK ON TriHard  STOLEN LAPTOP TriHard  NEIGHBOURS WIFI TriHard FREE ENTERTAINMENT TriHard
PepeLaugh GuitarTime Take me to Reset City where the split are red and the runs are shitty PepeLaugh GuitarTime
greeting from Uganda, happy birthday to you, <username>, I love your strims and wish to become a squid kid like u one day.
why do speedrunners waste their lives playing games they have already beaten by attempting to pseudo-master them? why dont they spend their time playing the multitude of other games (old or new) that exist? if i may be candor, anyone who speedruns games show signs of acute autism and frankly, i am displeased at the state of our modern society allowing this kind of behavior
Hey chat, hey <streamer>... Reggie from Nintendo here. I'm glad to see that you are enjoying one of our finer games, Ocarina of Time, but I'm going to have to ask you to refrain from breaking it like you are. You are NOT playing it the way we wanted you to, and you are having a lot less fun than you could. Please consider or your body won't be ready for the Nintendo Lawyers. Thank you Mr.Glitcha, and Game on! - Regginator
<streamer>, just stop the run. I can't stand to see you like this. It's clear your heart is not in it. Just go back to 100% please. It's your true calling and you seem so much more passionate about it.
Hi <streamer>, my name is Reggie... I work for Nintendo. I see you're glitching our games. I hope your body is ready because I'm sending the lawyers. Have a nice day.
Hello I am a beautiful Mongolian War Princess, endowed with bountiful bosoms and many parts for procreation. I am looking for a white man of USA descent who is willing to have many sex with me and I need ten million rubles in my bank
wow, i log on to twitch tv to chat with people and to watch a good streamer, then you guys fking spam this chat with your dumb kappas and dumb sht memes that are not even close to funny. i dont even giggle from your shtty jokes. fk you and if you fking copy this message im reporting each one of you. you all think your fking funny
Hello twitch admins. I am here to report a streamer named "<username>". She is currently violating the new twitch rules, and is constantly moaning sexually in her stream. I am trying to watch her game but she just keeps yelling "AHH" after she gets a kill. Please take action against her as soon as you can. Thank you and good day.
♗ ♘ ♟ ♛ ♕ ♜ ♝ ♞ ♟♙♗ ♘ ♟ ♛ ♕ ♜ ♝ ♞ Sorry, I've dropped my chess set ♗ ♘ ♟ ♛ ♕ ♜ ♝ ♞ ♟♙♗ ♘ ♟ ♛ ♕ ♜ ♝ ♞ ♟♙♗ ♘ ♟ ♛ ♕ ♜ ♞ ♟♛ ♙♗ ♘
If you say any form of that "please no copy pasta" whatsoever, then please do us all a favor and love me.
Damn you are too much of a QT for Twitch TV
any gifters? peepoShy
BRAIN BLAST
You can't handle the Neutron style
Are ya feeling it now, <username>?
Goodbye everyone, I'll remember you all in therapy
I know of a place, where you never get harmed, a magical place, with magical charms, indoors, indoors, iiindooooors!
Hinga dinga durgen! Happy Leif Erikson Day!
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!
Ravioli, ravioli, give me the formuoli!
You used me... FOR LAND DEVELOPMENT!
Did you, or did you not take part in various activities of zoo-time merriment?
I love food more than I love people
I'm gonna kick myself for this tomorrow, but... <username>, would you be my valentine?
Pink hat and buck teeth on a kid? Ewwwwwww! Pink hat and buck teeth on a Norwegian male supermodel? Yeahhh!
I had the greatest dream. I almost took over the world and destroyed everybody
Remember, licking doornobs is illegal on other planets
Once there was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly that everyone died. The end!
Just saw a Huggies ad for diapers with Disney graphics when wet to motivate staying dry. Dawg I gotta be honest, if Mickey appeared on my undies when they were wet I would pee myself all the time. 0/10, huge design flaw
Writing's not easy. That's why Grammarly can help. This sentence is grammatically correct, but it's wordy, and hard to read. It undermines the writer's message and the word choice is bland. Grammarly's cutting edge technology helps you craft compelling, understandable writing that makes an impact on your reader. Much better. Are you ready to give it a try? Installation is simple and free. Visit Grammarly.com today!
sometimes i like to pronounce spaghetti as "spagootie" and it has been working out fantastically so far. honestly, this single change has improved my life more than you could ever imagine. i highly suggest everyone try this out and see where your life goes. probably make all your dreams come true in like 5 business days.
next time you have a big bowl of piping hot marina drenched pasta in front of you say "spagootie time!!" or maybe something like "im so ready for this spagootie!" and see where the magic will take you.
Hey, are you a vent? Because I’m the imposter and I’d love to come in you.
Listen. Just because I know who Rainbow Dash is, and I know what Equestria is, and Princess Celestia is, and I- I know uh, other things about the thing too probably I- probably I think about it, I don't know - Just because I know that stuff - Pinkie Pie, yeah, the- I don't- Look, it- I- I'm not- no, sounds like you know the story- of course, LISTEN, what do they say, keep your friends close and your enemies closer guys, t- remember- remember how they say that? Wh-what do you- wait, there's nothing wrong with this, it's- it's- that's, SEE? Look guys, yeah, TRUE, TRUE, yep, and absolutely not, nope we're downvoting this one, no, nope nope nope, that's not true, sus-
-ussy as a suffix is not gender-specific. on top of that, bussy is already a form of -ussy, for the word boy. Boyussy does not work, due to y acting more like a vowel in context of the word as a whole.
AITA for slapping a stand-up comedian who dissed my wife?
Have you ever thought about how, to a horse, the world is basically Candyland? Like they're wandering down a trail and boom, there's just some thistles. And then to the left, a delicious tree. There's just food all over the ground everywhere. Horses seem pretty excited about it.
I enjoy ketchup more than the average person. Made with tomatoes and vinegar, this ubiquitous red sauce is my condiment of choice for a wide variety of dining situations. Sweet and tangy, it's perfect for eating with french fries and burgers, of course, but you might not realize how good it is incorporated into other dishes. Its unique sweet and savory nature makes it a bit of a dynamo that way. No wonder this addictive table staple of households and restaurants is so beloved.
who's Joe?
*adjusts fedora*
Please DO NOT buy the BTS meal if you don't stan them. You're preventing the actual BTS fans who have waited for months from having the BTS meal experience. Eating the sauces without understanding their significance is literally cultural appropriation and it's not okay
I have gotten the covid vaccine about 20 times now. 4 Pfizer, 12 moderna, 4 Johnson. Once I got my first vaccine, I started cravings for it. There is something so great knowing I am reducing the spread of the coronavirus with each of them. I am feeling so empowered. I think I may be addicted ngl 😅. At least it won't kill me.
This does not change the fact that in Antarctica there are 21 million penguins and in Malta there are 502,653 inhabitants. So if the penguins decide to invade Malta, each Maltese will have to fight 42 penguins.
I am coming back from my 10 minute ban, and I want to say that I think it was bullshit. Yes, I wrote a funny paragraph that turned into copypasta, which happened to bring a laugh or a smile to a few people. If you mods wanted that to stop, you could have just said so, there is so much copypasta going on in this chat that I could have never thought that deserved a 10 minute ban. Reggie is probably a mod in here and he is the one that banned me. Anyway, I'm glad to be back
Number one. Steady hand. One day, yakuza boss need new heart. I do operation. But mistake! Yakuza boss die! Yakuza very mad! I hide fishing boat, come to America. No English, no food, no money. Darryl give me job. Now I have house, American car and new woman. Darryl save life. My big secret. I kill yakuza boss on purpose. I good surgeon. The best!
He talked me into spending the $8500 I have on dog coins because something was supposed to happen yesterday which would have given us more money?? but it didn't actually happen or got canceled or something I don't really know or understand how it works but I went to the dog coin site to withdraw my money and there is only about $6700 of it there, where is the rest of it? I tried looking at the faq but don't really get it
Traveled the entire galaxy trying to find out who asked
The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
So, last Sunday my parents made me go to church, which made me really mad because my parents don't let me play Among Us in church.
Gregory, do you see the small vent on the floor? Have you ever heard of Among Us, Gregory? You need to vent. I know it will be hard for you to be sus, but i know you can do it Gregory.
[中华人民共和国寄语] Great work, Citizen! Your social credit score has increased by [5] Integers. Keep up the good work! [中华人民共和国寄语]
It's pride month and I a 14 year old white girl have decided that I'm sexually attracted to among us, I cannot hold my feelings for the sussy imposter anymore.
That's a nice argument you have, but unfortunately, I had sexual intercourse with your mother, therefore rendering any point you make null.
To alcohol! The cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
I have so many questions for you. First of all, is this floor reinforced?
Weaseling out of things is important to learn; it’s what separates us from the animals… except the weasel.
Lord help me, I’m just not that bright.
Between your genius and my nothing we make a great team, come on give me a hug!
If you're out of my sight, you must constantly Twitter me what you're up to...
Spread the word: peace and chicken.
Today <username> 's drinking people's blood. Tomorrow they could be smoking.
If you raised three children who can knock out and hog tie a perfect stranger you must be doing something right.
You know the courts might not work anymore, but as long as everyone is videotaping everyone else justice will be done!
Wow, that is the biggest Rice Krispie square I've ever seen! The rich sure know how to live.
Romance is dead. It was acquired by Hallmark and Disney in a hostile takeover, homogenized, and sold off piece by piece.
Why do I get the feeling that someday I'll be describing this to a psychiatrist?
do y'all ever get paper towel stuck to your rice krispy square and eat it anyway?
Hey guys, just wanted to wish you all happy holidays. Twitch is filled with ready-made messages that you don't even read, you just copy and paste to every channel, I don't like that, I like writing from my heart. Our friendship, from the deepest to virtual, is very important to me and couldn't ever be represented by a cookie-cutter message from anywhere. So, I'd like to thank you all, you're the best furry roleplaying channel I've ever interacted with.
I'm surprised that "Karen" isn't a more popular porn category. Like, there's so much potential.
⚠️WARNING⚠️ cock inspection is NOT required at the voting booths!!!! don't be tricked like me!!
Jeff Bezos has 121 BILLION dollars. The population of earth is 7 billion people. He could give every person 1 BILLION dollars and end poverty, and he would still have 114 billion dollars left over but he wond do it. This is what capitalist greed looks like!
ᘛ⁐̤ᕐᐷ
I got back from the eye doctor today and found out I was color blind. I couldn't believe it. That news came to me right out of the purple. :(
I used to be "with it" but then they changed what "it was" now what im "with" isnt "it" and whats "it" seems weird and scary to me... and it'll happen to you!!
(uh oh!☹️) BACK TO THE LAB AGAIN! (oh no!😬) BACK TO THE LAB AGAIN! (We messed up😱) BACK TO THE LAB AGAIN! (Not again😒) BACK TO THE LAB AGAIN!🤓
When I say "good luck" what im actually saying is, Hey, I hope youre having a great day! I love watching you speedrun and its so awesome and entertaining watching you play and I think youre really cool and talented. I was to support you and see you achieve your goals, I believe in you.
I really want to watch Morbius to see how bad it is. I'm going to be disappointed if he doesn't say "It's morbin time!"
You can't force pasta chat. You have to feel it. Sniff it. Take it out of the lab. Become the pasta. The future will come but the pasta is now, and if you don't give it your all it will ruin you and your mon. Thanks for listening to my TED talk.
Hello move out the way please just got here must come gatekeep strimmer because you didn't do it the way I wanted
Any female born after 1993 can't cook... All they know is McDonald's, charge they phone, twerk, be bisexual, eat hot chip & lie
Hi pretty streamer girl. Here's this weeks paycheck. I can only give 90% of it this week cuz I need to get groceries, sorry. Hopefully you'll respond to my DMs today! haha 🙂
Gross, unsubbed
⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀ imGlitch Attention! This chat is in KEKW only mode! ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀
Someone for the flipping life of me help my brother (22) won’t stop saying “ITS MORBING TIME!” he found these words on facebook or something and said its stuck in his mind and everytime he wakes up, poo, sleeps, pisses, EVERYTHING he says “its morbing time!” I’m losing my sanity, f you morbius. That was very un-morb
PogChamp <username> went all in and won 500 memes PogChamp they now have 1000 memes FeelsGoodMan
I can't believe they made a kpop band after the mcdonalds sauce that's crazy lmao
New card. What do you think? Picked them up from the printers yesterday. That's bone, and the lettering is something called Silian Rail.
It's very cool, <username>, but that's nothing. Look at this. Eggshell with Romalian type. What do you think?
Jesus. This is really super. How'd a nitwit like you get so tasteful?
I can't believe that <username0> prefers <username1> 's card to mine
But wait. You ain't seen nothin' yet. Raised lettering, pale nimbus, white.
Impressive. Very nice. Let's see <username> 's card.
Look at that subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it. Oh my god, it even has a watermark.
Is something wrong? <username> ... you're sweating.
Ah yes, call a game bad because you lost a speedrun to RNG and yet continue to attempt this. Then you're going ot keep calling the game bad and keep attempting the world record. absolute streamer syndrome